README.md, before:

# 📚 Librarian
A simple user-friendly organizer of Kindle's "My Clippings.txt"

![screenshot](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/blob/main/images/screenshot.png?raw=true)

## Features
📚 Groups all clippings by books  

📃 Lets you download a markdown version of your clippings per book  

## Usage
0. Connect your Kindle via USB and go to the `documents/` directory
1. Go to [ston1x.github.io/librarian](https://ston1x.github.io/librarian/)
2. Drag and drop the `My Clippings.txt` into the drop area
3. Click the book title to download your clippings

## Next steps
- See [issues](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/issues)

## Suggeset an improvement
- If you want to request a feature (a different output format etc.), feel free to file an issue [issues](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/issues)

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) – see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

## Authors
- [Nicolai Stoianov](https://github.com/ston1x) - Author

## Inspirations
- Inspired a lot by clean and simple JS apps by [Liyas Thomas](https://github.com/liyasthomas)

Commit message:

Mention that Librarian is intended for use with Notion

README.md, after:

# 📚 Librarian
A simple user-friendly organizer of Kindle's "My Clippings.txt"

![screenshot](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/blob/main/images/screenshot.png?raw=true)

## Features
📚 Groups all clippings by books

📃 Lets you download a markdown version of your clippings per book (works especially great with Notion – use Librarian to download your clippings for one of the books, then go to Notion, create a new page, click "Import", select "Text & Markdown", then choose the file you've downloaded)

## Usage
0. Connect your Kindle via USB and go to the `documents/` directory
1. Go to [ston1x.github.io/librarian](https://ston1x.github.io/librarian/)
2. Drag and drop the `My Clippings.txt` into the drop area
3. Click the book title to download your clippings

## Next steps
- See [issues](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/issues)

## Suggeset an improvement
- If you want to request a feature (a different output format etc.), feel free to file an issue [issues](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/issues)

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) – see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ston1x/librarian/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

## Authors
- [Nicolai Stoianov](https://github.com/ston1x) - Author

## Inspirations
- Inspired a lot by clean and simple JS apps by [Liyas Thomas](https://github.com/liyasthomas)
